If you have more questions, that's fine.
You can reach out or whatever,
we can figure that out.
[LAUGH] But wrapping up, I just wanted
to kinda make just a couple points.
Web components build
into the web platform.
Your custom elements,
we saw it through the reusability, right?
You can just give somebody
a custom element.
They didn't have to install a new tooling.
You're not building into Zach's framework.
You're not building into
Google's framework.
You're building into the web.
We can just share web
things with each other.
Kind of like what we're
doing with spicy sections,
your web components can provide
blueprints for richer native elements,
whether that's tabs, accordion,
select menu, list box.
Your web components are a little bit
closer to how the browser would operate,
right?
And it's native web tech.
We don't have to put React in the browser
just to get your idea in the browser.
These are native web tech.
And I've even seen through open UI,
I've seen elements that are coming out and
they are using the part syntax.
So that under the hood, they're kind
of basically just a web component.
I don't think they are, but
they're using that part syntax
to let you target specific pieces
of the UI of the date picker or
the popup, the select menu or
something like that.
So that's all very interesting.
This stuff is kinda now informing
how actual HTML might work,
not just Shadow Realm stuff.
So these blueprints,
if you make them and it's tested and
there's test suites and there's demand for
it, they can maybe be built.
And I think if we had tabs elements, if we
had accordion elements, if we had all this
stuff that made it easier to build
a website without just installing
everything, you didn't have to be a
computer scientist just to make a website.
I think that would make a big
difference for the web.
It'd be more inclusive,
allow more people to participate.
Allow anyone [LAUGH] moms, grandmas,
everyone to kind of build
the website of their dreams.
And I think that's really important.
And I think the goal is still
to have a web for everyone.
So with that,
let's build a web for everyone.
So thank you, and
I hope you make cool stuff.
Thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]